Add documentation based on Material for MkDocs. (#807)
obi1kenobi/trustfall: docs/docs/language_reference/querying/filter.md

```

## Use with tagged values

Using tagged values we can input variables defined within the query inside
our filter.

Using the schema in the [Trustfall schema guide](../schema/index.md) if we
want to filter on users where their username is equal to their display name
we can write:

```
username @tag
display_name @filter(op: "=", value: ["%username"])
```

### If the `@tag` comes from an `@optional` scope

TODO what happens here?

## Operations

Filtering is restricted to allowed operations and these are as follows:

* Equality operators: `=` and `!=`
* Comparison operators: `<`, `<=`, `>` and `>=`
* Null-check operators: `is_null` and `is_not_null`
* Group membership operators: `one_of`, `not_one_of`, `contains` and `not_contains`
* String operators (each one has a `not_` version as well): `has_prefix`, `has_suffix`, `has_substring` and `regex`

The following subsections contain more details about these operations.

## Equality operators

-`=` and `!=`

These are fairly standard equals and not-equals operators you'll be familiar with
from other languages.

TODO can you do equality on more complex user defined types?

## Comparison operators

- `<`, `<=`, `>`, and `>=`

> The comparison operators require that the provided value is non-null.

Reviewer: I think the same holds for all other operators here btw.

## Null-check operators: `is_null` and `is_not_null`

> These operators have no values and should only be applied to nullable properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These operators take no arguments and should only be applied to nullable properties.
```
